clear understanding about the important thing will help you clear about things not important
I mentioned the professors in the example because among many intellectual workers, they are exceptions, mostly not openly sharing their good job
This is social critic Matthew Crawford's description of this uncertainty: "Managers themselves are also experiencing confusion and instability, and the vague orders they have to respond to make the situation serious." Although Crawford is specifically referring to middle managers in knowledge work, the "confusion and instability" he mentions applies to many other positions in this industry.
According to Crawford's description in his 2009 ode to his profession named Shop Class as Soulcraft, he gave up his position as a corporate strategy advisor in Washington D.C. to open a motorbike repair shop to escape this confusion.
The feeling of receiving a broken bike, wrestling with it, then successfully showcasing it (the bike going out of the shop) brings a specific sense of accomplishment that he had to try hard for, after enduring a long day of vague reports and strategies.
A similar reality also creates barriers for intellectual workers.
They want to prove themselves as high-performing team members, and they are trying to maintain that.
However, they do not entirely grasp what outcome this goal will lead to.
They do not have a performance rating or a price tag for the repaired bike to evaluate their efforts.
To make up for this shortfall, many seem to be looking to return to the industrial era when labor productivity was clearly demonstrated at a global scale, evident with the rise of production lines along with the Efficiency Movement initiated by Frederick Taylor, famously known for using a stopwatch to control the effectiveness of workers' movements to find ways to increase speeds to complete tasks.
In the Taylor era, productivity was a clear concept: the number of tools created in a unit of time.
Apparently, in today's business context, many intellectual workers have overlooked other ideas and reverted back to the traditional definition of productivity when trying to reaffirm their value while dealing with a confusing work situation.
(Illustration: David Allen even used the term "hand-turning tool" to describe the productivity task flow.)
I believe that largely, intellectual workers are running busier due to no better way to express their value.
Let's give this trend a somewhat disappearing name.
Busyness represents performance: when there are no clear indicators of productivity and value at work, many intellectual workers return to the productivity indicators in the industrial sector: doing a lot of visible tasks.
This mindset offers an alternative explanation for the prevalence of deep disruptive behaviors.
If you send and respond to emails all day, keep schedules and attend meetings continuously, consider responding to feedback messages right away (like Hall's), or wander around the office suggesting ideas to anyone you meet - all of these behaviors make you appear busy in front of your colleagues.
If you use busyness as a measure of performance, these behaviors will help convince yourself and others that you are doing well at work.
This mindset is not entirely illogical.
For some, work truly depends on such behaviors.
For example, in 2013, Yahoo's new CEO, Marissa Mayer, banned employees from working from home.
She made this decision after examining the server logs used for the company's private network that employees used to log into the company's servers remotely.
Mayer was disappointed to see employees working from home not logging in frequently enough during the day.
In a way, she punished employees for not spending enough time checking emails (a main reason to log into the server).
She warned, "If you are not visibly busy, I will assume you are not productive."